Joint
Hello
From everyone of Sony documents
New immediate
Introducing the w series
With your music player
The headphone cord is in a bag or pocket
The top priority is the experience of having
The series of eating from the mouth is just a simulated experience
I was united with the headphone cord
While there is no Nakai and Shibata, music is more familiar
I live actively
Forever
Won again
Just put on the neck
Weighs only about 30 grams
It is a remark somehow
Basic operation is headphones
Because I will do the jog dial
Easy to move inside or support adult trains or support
You can operate
Patent
Color variation is a brush
Chic black that goes well with newsletters
Of course cute women
It is pink original that was included in two of active men
Muttered technology
Count from the beginning of the spring and wait
Great deal
And it is easy to match various fashions
Enjoy music freely in various scenes
Forever
Continue...
Newly added to the w series
Temporary kg
Temporary and the function to play without showing only the upsurge of the station
is
Play time is about 34 seconds and raised about 15 seconds
It is also possible to search the site
* You can swell 352 kg
With a new sense in the future
Of course w is sailing
By adoption of 103.5mmex headphones
I enjoy the clear sound in the second term
Also, a comfortable feeling of wearing gives rise to eight active four colors each
Keep the item comfortable 2
Easy access method
I'm cutting the percentage of grain with a computer
Make the attached sonicstage 100% accepted music feel
of course
Transfer of the accused customer or drag and drop of love
Transferable to taxi
Transfer and delete music more easily
Memory capacity is 2gb, so plenty of music
is
You can be more active if you are with music
Okuma is in pain
As a player who enjoys music to the names of unspoken people
Both walk and exercise
I will surely find a use that suits my lifestyle
must
Please experience with Sony's leadership